In this video, we're going to have a look at how you can easily identify top performing models from
a single table.
There's a website called Chatbot Arena Board, which is LM arena AI, and this provides you with an
extensive overview of all the different models that are currently top performers with their Elo rankings.
We can also filter this for coding to get a better understanding as to what models are doing well for
code generation.
So go to the category and click on coding and then this will reload the Gradio table showing you the
best performing models for coding.
Given some specific data sets that they've been evaluating against.
If we scroll down, you'll see that one preview apparently is the top performing model secondary to
one mini.
And then we also have for example chat 3.5 sonnet.
Now I do recommend you actually give cloud 3.5 sonnet a go if you're doing full stack web development,
because it works really well with radix Shad, CDN and Next.js app router.
However, I'm also very tool agnostic and I would recommend that you keep an eye on this leaderboard
over time so that you can switch inside of cursor to use whatever model is the most powerful in terms
of code generation.
Another website that's also good to keep in mind is the code generation on human eval dataset.
If we scroll down and have a look, you can see that at the moment zero one mini is currently performing
the best also.
Then secondary to zero one preview GPT four zero.
Then we have things like claw 3.5, sonnet and also fractal research.
So don't just use one data set to decide what model to switch to.
And also just because the evaluations are higher for zero one mini, you should have a play around with
a couple of the best performing models to get a sense of style and flavor for what will give you the
best results, I'll put both of these links inside of the video so that you can easily access them.